# DBMS-Project
PROBLEM STATEMENT:-
Enfolding Hands Hospital believes in providing world class facilities to their patients and employees . As we know, generally, in hospitals there are infamously long queues to schedule an appointment or to collect the reports of a certain diagnosis etc. 
So in order to provide more facilities to the patients, they want to build a system which provides all the necessary information such as number of beds available at the moment. , all the basic information about the hospital, etc . The system should also support online appointment booking. 
To support all of this the hospital will require a database which includes the  detail of hospital such as Name, ID (Unique),address, contact number, beds available. Along with this , it should store all the information about the employees ID(unique), Name, contact no., Salary , Information about the patients such as Patient ID, Patient Name, Contact no, address , age , diagnosis etc , Doctors ID, Dept, Name, contact, qualification, Experience. 
It should also be able to handle all the details regarding the pharmacy and laboratory such as medicines available , their expiry date , price, quantity and test reports details such as test results etc. It should also should handle the bill desk in order to store all the information about the payments, dues etc by keeping track of Bills ,ID, patients admission/discharge date etc.
All this would make the hospital visit seamless and hassle free. It would allow patients to check their details remotely and would overall provide a better experience.
A number of tables about staff,patient,medicine,tests etc have been used in this database and they've been linked using foreign keys wherever required.
